# Documentation for release 3: Final release
### Release 3 introduction:
For release 3 the group intends to present the final and "shippable" product SalaryChecker. During release 3 we have focused on setting up an API and server connection. Very little functionality has been added in terms of user-abilities and functionality, as this was the groups main focus for release 2. In addition to setting up an API, the group has further developed the user interface and tried to optimize it according to principles of user interface design. In this regard the group has paid special attention to the six principles developed by Don Norman. 

#### Work habits and task management:
Before the start of sprint 3 the group had a group discussion which concluded with agreement that a slight change of task management was needed. During release 2 writing classes and cooresponding javadoc and test-classes were all listed as seperate tasks or issues. As a consequence, a groupmember would sometimes have to write tests for someone elses code. At times this impaired work flow, and resulted in a rather tedious than effective development process. Consequently the group chose to assign issues in larger categories. Subsequently writing code and corresponding javadoc and test-code was all assigned to the same person. In return this also further prioritized writing effective tests and javadoc, as these are no longer issues that to a greater extent can be procrastinated and written of until right before release.

On the other side, general task and issue distribution has remained mostly the same. The group has still been very fond of the concept of pair-programming. We have, as long as it has been doable and worthwile, tried to assign issues or groups of issues to pairs of members. For the more complex tasks we have ensured that a more experienced group member has been the assignee, or has at least been able to help the assignee as much as nescessary.      